## Yes, It's that time again! Kwort 4.3.4 is out

Really nice release this time, I like it. :-) We included pulseaudio which is now very stable (last stable relase is from almost a year old) and it has been working very well, including with bluez5 (which by the first time has also been included in this new release).

So let's jump now to the technical highlights of this release:

* Linux kernel 4.19.46 (sorry folks, there's no longterm relase of 5.x branch yet).
* New toolchain including: glibc 2.28, gcc 8.3.0 and binutils 2.32.
* kpkg 130.
* Latest browsers including: Google Chrome: 75.0.3770.90 and Mozilla Firefox 67.0.2. Brave 0.68.50 is available in the mirror.
* Kwort-choosers package has been replaced with kwort-tools including the old browser and custom xdg-open and the new kwort-mixer to support both sound backends (alsa and pulseaudio). There's documentation on how to configure these tools [here](operability.html).
* New UI shortcuts are now fully documented [here](operability.html).
* We found a good graphical music player called Museeks which is now included in the system.

**As usual, I would like to thank the people who helps making Kwort on every step they help:**

* The infrastructure maintainers, PGHosting (this site and master server) and Ricardo Brisighelli for the package mirror at UNR.
* Andreas Schipplock who is our domain sponsor.
* Gonzalo Navarro for contributing extensively in Kwort 4.3.3 with packages. Best wishes on the new path, sir!
* Ctrl-C club for facilitating a packages mirror (KBD available [here](https://ctrl-c.club/~nomius/kwort/4.3.4/ctrl-c.kdb)).
* The CRUX folks for developing it, as it's Kwort's base.
* And of course, the people who develop every project Kwort makes use of. THANK YOU!

If you want to join our mailing list, please do it at: <http://groups.google.com/group/kwort-linux>. IRC? Sure, join us at #Kwort on irc.oftc.net.

**You can get the latest Kwort from here:**

* ISO image: [kwort-4.3.4.iso](https://u217055-sub1:QkOK8B4n6VgzXr9H@u217055-sub1.your-storagebox.de/kwort-4.3.4.iso)
* MD5 checksum: [kwort-4.3.4.iso.md5](https://u217055-sub1:QkOK8B4n6VgzXr9H@u217055-sub1.your-storagebox.de/kwort-4.3.4.iso.md5)
* SHA1 checksum: [kwort-4.3.4.iso.sha1](https://u217055-sub1:QkOK8B4n6VgzXr9H@u217055-sub1.your-storagebox.de/kwort-4.3.4.iso.sha1)

