## Kwort 4.3.5 is in the wild

I'm very proud to announce this new release which shows how the project got to a very mature level. New goodies included in the UI, a few bug fixes from the previous release and of course, the latest stable packages.

Let's talk a little of what we have here:

* Linux kernel 5.10.1. Yes, the brand new Linux LTS release.
* New toolchain including: glibc 2.32, gcc 10.2.0 and binutils 2.35.1.
* kpkg 130. Mirror kdb files are now included in the installation to avoid repeating issues from the past. ;-)
* Latest browsers including: Google Chrome: 87.0.4280.88 and Mozilla Firefox 84.0. Newest version of brave is already available in the mirrors.
* kwort-tools now includes encryption support through /etc/rc.d/encryption using /etc/etab (format is &lt;directory&gt; &lt;key file&gt;) and we have added a few improvements on kwort-mixer to add more stability.
* llvm 11.0.0 is also included.

**Many thanks to all the prople who help us along the way:**

* Ricardo Brisighelli for the package mirror at UNR.
* Andreas Schipplock who is our domain sponsor and brought back our site and main ISO mirror infrastructure.
* The CRUX folks for developing it, as it's Kwort's base.
* And of course, the people who develop every project Kwort makes use of. THANK YOU!

If you want to join our mailing list, please do it at: <http://groups.google.com/group/kwort-linux>. IRC? Sure, join us at #Kwort on irc.oftc.net.

**You can get the latest Kwort from here:**

* ISO image: [kwort-4.3.5.iso](https://u217055-sub1:QkOK8B4n6VgzXr9H@u217055-sub1.your-storagebox.de/kwort-4.3.5.iso)
* MD5 checksum: [kwort-4.3.5.iso.md5](https://u217055-sub1:QkOK8B4n6VgzXr9H@u217055-sub1.your-storagebox.de/kwort-4.3.5.iso.md5)
* SHA1 checksum: [kwort-4.3.5.iso.sha1](https://u217055-sub1:QkOK8B4n6VgzXr9H@u217055-sub1.your-storagebox.de/kwort-4.3.5.iso.sha1)
