## Kwort 4.4 release

21 years ago I started this project as a learning experience and one year later the first release was made. This year Kwort is turning 20 years old and with this birthday there's a new release with all the same good stuff we have been delivering consistently. A secure, clean, bare minimal, but functional OS with customization for daily experienced users.

Let's mention some of the good stuff

* Linux kernel 5.15.39. The latest vanilla long term support release.
* Updated toolchain including: glibc 2.35, gcc 12.1.0 and binutils 2.38.
* Latest browsers including: Google Chrome: 101 and Mozilla Firefo 100.
* kwort-tools now uses fscrypt for encryption making the e2fsprogs upgrades less prone to incompatibilities.
* llvm 14.0.3 & mesa 22.0.3 (along with full libva stack) is also part of the installation.
* mplayer and gnome-mplayer has now been replaced by mpv and celluloid.

**Thanks to all the prople who help us along the way:**

* Ricardo Brisighelli for the package mirror at UNR.
* Andreas Schipplock who is our domain sponsor and who setup our main ISO mirror.
* The CRUX folks for developing it, as it's Kwort's base.
* The people in the Kwort mailing list and IRC for reporting bugs of old versions and testing the new ISO and overall OS.
* And of course, the people who develop every project Kwort makes use of. THANK YOU!

If you want to join our mailing list, please do it at: <http://groups.google.com/group/kwort-linux>. IRC? Sure, join us at #Kwort on irc.oftc.net.

**You can get the latest Kwort from here:**

* ISO image: [kwort-4.4.iso](https://downloads.kwort.org/kwort-4.4.iso)
* MD5 checksum: [kwort-4.4.iso.md5](https://downloads.kwort.org/kwort-4.4.iso.md5)
* SHA1 checksum: [kwort-4.4.iso.sha1](https://downloads.kwort.org/kwort-4.4.iso.sha1)
